"I am weird and I am proud of it"
"Good and evil walk hand in hand.. they will never seperate."
"You laugh at me because I'm different, I laugh at you because you're all the same."
"Nothing is truly good, nothing is truly evil."
"Think Different"
"Being insane is not a disease, it is a way of life."
"Everybody wants to be the sun in your life... but I would rather be the moon that shines on you in your darkest times"
"Everybody tells me I'm smart, and then I laugh about their stupidity."
"When telepathy is the norm, we will have an entirely wireless community."
"Where there is darkness there is light, where there is light there is shadow."
"A light can only shine in the dark"
"If there is nothing left to say, i just want to hold you and cry" 
"It's all fun & games until someone loses an eyeball...then it's....a free eyeball. Yum!"
"The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese"
"Trust is something you cannot buy, it's something you earn."
"My imaginary friend thinks you have issues"
"Come to the dark side. We have cookies"
"There is nothing wrong about being a loser; it depends how good you are at it." 
"Love goes as deep as you're willing to dig the pit."
"You want the truth? YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH!" 
"Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer, then you find there is nothing in it."
"I think the only reason I waste my breath on you is that being dead I don't have any other use for it."
"If life was a box of chocolates, it'd be pretty empty. "
"Consciousness: that annoying time between naps."
"Why doesn't DOS ever say: EXCELLENT command or filename?"
"Live life to the fullest...think of all the people on the Titanic who passed up chocolate dessert."
"If you can't say anything nice...come sit by us."
"It's not that I don't want to clean my room its just that I have this theory that everything is balanced just right and if I attempt to move anything the whole structure of the house will come down like a house of cards."
"If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before."
"I am NOT suffering from insanity... I happen to be enjoying myself! "
"4 out of 5 voices in my head say go back to sleep"
"I smile because I have no idea what's going on."
"We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse."
"Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot. Laugh and the world laughs with you. Cry and the world laughs louder."
"It is not the fall that kills you. it's the sudden stop at the end."
"I try to take one day at a time, but sometimes several days attack me at once."
"Sure, the truth hurts, but so does a machete." 
"We can't look back at the things we've done or said and regret...we can only move forward and progress."
"I won't love you for the rest of your life but i'll love you for the rest of my life.."
"It is better to regret something you have done and turned out wrong, then to regret something you haven't done at all."
"Every tear tells a story."
"If loving you is wrong, I don't wanna be right."
"You never find yourself until you face the truth."
"A moon is interesting when it is full, it is full of magic that single night."
"Keep youre frends close, but youre enemies even closer."
"Good can not live without evil, evil cannot live without good but still they hate each other. "
"Last night as I lay in bed looking at the stars, I thought 'Where the hell is the ceiling?!'"
"If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?"
"(on a t-shirt) BOMB SQUAD. If I'm running, try to keep up."
"A day without sunshine is like.. well, night."
"On the other hand, you have different fingers."
"That must be wonderful! I don't understand it at all."
"In case of emergency, speak in clichés."
"This is not something to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown, with great force."
"If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried."
"There are two types of people: those who divide people into two types, and those who don't."
"I can resist everything except temptation."
"When the blind leadeth the blind, get out of the way."
"Make the most of yourself, because that's all the self you are going to get, mister."
"Dumb people are too dumb to understand smart people. Smart people are too smart to understand dumb people."
"When in doubt, mumble."
"Without emotions life would be empty and meaningless ... with them, life is hell"
"Dumb people are too dumb to understand smart people. Smart people are too smart to understand dumb people."
"When you feel like giving up, just remember why you held on for so long to begin with."
"Friends are like stars, you can't always see them, but they are always there."
"Collecting data is the first step towards wisdom. Sharing it, is the first step towards community."
"Build a man a fire, and he is warm today. Set a man on fire, and he is warm for the rest of his life."
"The Path of Wisedom is the only way to reality."